[Music]
welcome to another episode of seven men
in marketing with Pam my name is Pam
dinner I love sharing a little dose a
b2b digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time I
receive a question from Carrie she just
joined a big tag company well
congratulations Carrie her job is to
enable sales but here is the catch
she is not part of the established
soussan ableman team she's really part
of the Cooper marketing team when we
talked she was three weeks into a job
and was not sure what her job is
she feels that there is a duplication
between her role and that of the sales
enablement team even though her manager
assures her that this is not a case so
here's what I told her based on our
quick 15-minute conversation first of
all there is no duplication between her
and entire sales enablement team sales
enablement in general focuses on
training and onboarding their job is to
train sales and make sure the service is
ready to do their job which is selling
and their job is all about training and
I told Carrie that her job is to enable
sales from the marketing side not about
training per se and there are many ways
marketers can help sales and I gave her
several examples number one content
marketing creates a lot of content she
can suggest and recommend marketing
content which can help sales a cell
radio engagement that's not something
that the conventional sales enablement
teams does but there are a couple of the
prerequisites before she can do that she
needs to get a sense of a current
content landscape understand the top
content buy product by personas and even
by buyer stages also she needs to
understand her sales teams processes and
the methodology having the knowledge of
the content landscape and the sales
stages she can map the most
content to the sale stages and he shared
that with the assails team obviously
she's not gonna get it right the first
time it requires a couple conversation
between her and the sales team but
that's one thing that she can provide
value at second partner marketing
another way to help is through Co
marketing type of efforts sometimes
sales will identify strategic accounts
to target for Co marketing or cold
selling great examples are HP and Intel
partnering together to sell pcs or
walmart and Coke working together to
sell coke at Walmart during the holiday
seasons marketing can work with sales to
create and execute Co marketing efforts
and this is another great way to enable
sales as a marketer number three account
based marketing here's another option I
shared with Keri right working closely
with sales on strategic accounts to
close deals using existing marketing
elements to create tailored and
personalized campaigns to complement
sales engagement with certain accounts
and target persons in these accounts
again this is not a typical sales
enablement team will do and I told Kerry
that her job is not to duplicate the
efforts of the sales enablement team
there are many things she can do to help
sales in her own way as a marketer the
way she should position herself in her
company is as a marketer and abling
sales so there will be no confusion
about what she does and how she's
different found the sales enablement
team Kerry is very smart and she
connected the dots right away and she
told me that she'll keep me posted about
how it goes
well Kerry I'm looking forward to
hearing from you again if you have any
questions and you know where to reach me
just google Pam dinner again if you like
the podcast please leave a review and
the comments on iTunes would love to
hear from you
so keep hustling my friends you got this
[Music]